wifi: Fixes for RC1 issues (#17653)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/drivers/wifi/nrf70_native.rst

nRF Wi-Fi driver
################

.. contents::
   :local:
   :depth: 2

The nRF Wi-Fi driver implements the Wi-Fi® protocol for the nRF70 FullMAC Series of devices.
FullMAC devices implement the Wi-Fi protocol in the chipset.
The driver configures the chipset and transfers the frames to and from the device to the networking stack.

The nRF70 Series device is a companion IC and can be used with any Nordic Semiconductor System-on-Chips (SoCs), such as the nRF53 and nRF91 Series SoCs.

You can enable the driver by using the following Kconfig options:

  * When using :ref:`zephyr:sysbuild` to build your application, set the :kconfig:option:`SB_CONFIG_WIFI_NRF70` Kconfig option to ``y`` in your :file:`sysbuild.conf` file.`
  * When not using :ref:`zephyr:sysbuild`, set the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_WIFI_NRF70` Kconfig option to ``y`` in your application's :file:`prj.conf` file.

Architecture
*************

The following figure illustrates the architecture of the nRF Wi-Fi driver.

.. figure:: /images/nrf700x_wifi_driver.svg
   :alt: nRF Wi-Fi driver block diagram
   :align: center
   :figclass: align-center

   nRF Wi-Fi driver architecture overview

Design overview
***************

> The nRF Wi-Fi driver follows an OS agnostic design, and the driver implementation is split into OS-agnostic and OS (Zephyr)-specific code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The nRF Wi-Fi driver follows an OS-agnostic design, and the driver implementation is split into OS-agnostic and OS (Zephyr)-specific code.
```

The nRF7002 DK uses QSPI, whereas the nRF7002 EK uses SPI.

To connect the nRF7002 EK to the SoC, the ``nrf7002ek`` shield is required.

Configuration
*************

The nRF Wi-Fi driver has the following configuration options:

Kconfig configuration
=====================

.. options-from-kconfig:: /../../../../../zephyr/drivers/wifi/nrfwifi/Kconfig.nrfwifi
   :show-type:

Devicetree specification configuration
======================================

The maximum transmit power achieved on an nRF70 Series device-based product depends on the frequency band and operating channel.
This varies across different :term:`Printed Circuit Board (PCB)` designs.

Multiple calibrations and checks are implemented to ensure consistency across channels and devices.
However, these values depend on PCB design, which may result in Error Vector Magnitude (EVM) and spectral mask failures.
To avoid this problem, you can specify the power ceiling at which the EVM and spectral mask are met for a given PCB design.
Additionally, build-time parameters are made available to drivers through the DTS overlay file.

The following code snippet shows an example of the DTS overlay file.

> Note that the numbers filled in the following example do not represent any particular PCB design or package type.

Reviewer: Consider converting this into note if "note" has to remain in the sentence.
```suggestion
Note that the numbers used in this example do not represent any particular PCB design or package type.
```

You must replace these values with measurements obtained from transmitter testing on your own PCB designs.

> The values are represented in 0.25 dB increments.

Author: This is not true, during upstreaming based on review comments, we have made this generic, so, removed the custom step size and used 1dBM, so, this and example values should be scaled down. Look at https://github.com/nrfconnect/sdk-zephyr/blob/main/drivers/wifi/nrfwifi/src/fmac_main.c#L497
